Wed Jul 12 14:23:12 EDT 2017


This Version:

  [r1.1.4] Temporary fix to mdport.c to work around a compile 
error (from a recent change in curses - see TODO).  I've added
the definition of NCURSES_INTERNALS as suggested by Sven Joachim 
(thanks! :) ).  I'm not sure if such a definition is backwards
compatible for older curses.  If you are still using an older
version and you see a compile error in mdport.c remove the 
define and see if that fixes the problem.


  General:

  This version of rogue has been altered to work with rogomatic 
in a more friendly manner (changing some ambiguous messages to be 
unique).  Also fixed were a few grammar errors and a bug when the 
nymph stole an item from the pack (she now steals all of the items
if there are multiple items).

  Also changed to allow the setting of the random number generation 
sequence by using the environment variable SEED (set to a positive 
integer) for more repeatable results.  This makes testing much 
easier...


  Simple install instructions:

  - binaries are set to go to /usr/local/bin by default.

    1. unpack archive
    2. go to that subdirectory
    3. configure
    4. compile
    6. install


  something like:

   $ tar axf rogue5.4.4-ant-r1.1.4-src.tar.gz
   $ cd rogue5.4.4-ant-r1.1.4
   $ ./configure
   $ make
   $ make install


  If you change anything in configure.ac (to do your own version or 
to use different compiler settings, etc.) then there is a handy way 
to redo the makefile setup by using the following commands (you will 
need make, automake, autoconf, etc. tools installed):

   $ make maintainer-clean
   $ ./bootstrap
   $ ./configure


  Other version details:

  [r1.1.3] Changes to main.c and mdport.c to fix compile and 
make problems for "builds of ncurses with the symbol 
NCURSES_OPAQUE defined...  NCURSES_OPAQUE is defined in the 
default Cygwin setup these days."  Thanks for the patch Branden.

  [r1.1.2] A small change in teleport() which 
checks to make sure teleport scrolls or teleport 
traps do not put the hero down upon an item 
(a workaround for a bug in rogomatic).

  [r1.1.1] A small change which uses the shell
environment variable GETROGUEPID if it exists to
generate a file name with the process id (PID)
as part of the name.  This is used by my scripts
that I use for debugging.  If you do not set
the environment variable you will not see any
difference with the previous version of rogue.

  [r1.1.0] I've reverted two changes made quite 
some time ago (silvery is now back to being silver 
and golden is back to being gold).  other changes 
include some more clarity to messages so that when 
something happens or doesn't happen the message is 
unique.

  The most significant change is the fact that
a scroll of protection also uncurses armor.  I
think something that says "shimmering gold shield"
should do the whole job, don't you?

  [r1.0.9] Segfault when the hero threw a non-weapon 
object into a corner to destroy it.  Fixed fall() in
weapons.c to use a more general object message.

  [r1.0.8] Fixed a bug in new level creation, if a maze
was created above a room and the room was too close 
to the maze then it could not be connected and rogue
would loop forever trying to find it.

  As this can affect the number of times the random
number generator is called a few of the previous runs 
using SEED may no longer be replicable.  If these
runs were used in learning in some way then other runs 
may also diverge.


  Other bug fixes were:

   - make sure free'd items were not later referenced
   - start a new level not on top of an item
   - free used missiles


  For the purists:

  A less altered version is available in the same place 
you found this version, but I am no longer making any
changes to that code at all (bugs I find only get applied 
to this version).


  Comments, Questions, Bugfixes, etc.:

  ant at anthive dot com
